
                  -=[ The C-BGP Routing Solver ]=-


C-BGP is an efficient solver for BGP, the de facto standard protocol
used for exchanging routing information accross domains in the
Internet. BGP was initially described in RFC1771 in 1995. It has since
undergone several updates recently standardized in RFC4271 (2006).

C-BGP is aimed at computing the outcome of the BGP decision process in
networks composed of several routers. For this purpose, it takes into
account the routers' configuration, the externally received BGP routes
and the network topology. It supports the complete BGP decision
process, versatile import and export filters, route-reflection, and
experimental attributes such as redistribution communities. It is
easily configurable through a CISCO-like command-line interface. C-BGP
has been described in an IEEE Network magazine paper entitled
"Modeling the Routing of an Autonomous System with C-BGP" (please
refer to this paper when you cite C-BGP).

C-BGP can be used as a research tool to experiment with modified
decision processes and additional BGP route attributes. It can also be
used by the operator of an ISP network to evaluate the impact of
logical and topological changes on the routing tables computed in its
routers. Topological changes include links and routers
failures. Logical changes include changes in the configuration of the
routers such as input/output routing policies or IGP link
weights. Thanks to its efficiency, C-BGP can be used on large
topologies with sizes of the same order of magnitude than the
Internet. For the moment, we mainly use it to study interdomain
traffic engineering techniques and to model the network of ISPs.

The original version of C-BGP was written by Bruno Quoitin within the
Computer Science and Engineering Department at Universite Catholique
de Louvain (UCL), in Belgium. It has since been contributed by others
(see the AUTHORS file for a complete list). C-BGP is written in C
language. It is mainly used and tested on Linux and Mac OS X. It has
also been used on other platforms such as FreeBSD, Solaris and even
under Windows, using the cygwin API. It should compile on most POSIX
compliant environment. C-BGP is Open-Source and provided under the
GPL license for academic use. The text of the GPL license is
available in the COPYING file included in this distribution.
Commercial use of C-BGP is covered by a separate license since
version 2.0.0.

C-BGP website:  http://cbgp.info.ucl.ac.be
libGDS website: http://libgds.info.ucl.ac.be






